[Music]
I've never seen anything or like this no
one thought this was possible it can't
be
they want to come in the world's
attention we have 40 hours right who's
taken over until the sucker has control
of a billion of us and we build our way
to the largest back globally this
mankind started counting currency we
have a threat on one side and beat don't
friending you Fitness you don't know I'm
crazy about that we were getting the
money I didn't think we was gonna
destroy the system but other machines
were infected with this favorite mass
disruption you could crash a plane
through more dangerous time for
everything love this isn't just systems
and bits you're gonna kill millions of
people
devices would shut down the world dot
was the previous
[Music]
you